Modificated docu related to FIM after fimDB adapted to dbsync and rsync (#4790)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/syscheck.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2015, Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: The ossec.conf file is the main configuration file on the Wazuh manager and also important on the agents. Learn more about syscheck settings with configuration examples here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: The ossec.conf file is the main configuration file on the Wazuh manager and also important on the agents. Learn more about FIM settings with configuration examples here.
```

file_limit
----------

> .. deprecated:: 4.5.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

`file_limit` has not been deprecated.

+--------------------+------------------------------------------+

db_entry_limit
--------------

.. versionadded:: 4.4

> Specifies a limit on the number of entries that will be monitored by syscheck. Entries created when the database has reached the limit will be ignored.

Reviewer: Change `syscheck` to `FIM`

Author: done

> There is a specific limit for the number of files that can be inserted into the database, and a different limit for the number of registry values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Windows agents, the monitored files and registries are handled by different limits.
```

Author: done

.. code-block:: xml

    <!-- Maximum entries in the FIM database -->
    <db_entry_limit>
      <enabled>yes</enabled>
      <files>100000</files>
      <registries>100000</registries>
    </db_entry_limit>

**enabled**

.. versionadded:: 4.4

> Specifies whether there will be a limit on the number of monitored files or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies whether there will be a limit on the number of monitored entries.
```

Author: done

+--------------------+---------------------------------------+
| **Default value**  | yes                                   |
+--------------------+---------------------------------------+
| **Allowed values** | yes/no                                |
+--------------------+---------------------------------------+

**files**

.. versionadded:: 4.4

Specifies the maximun number of files to be monitored.

+--------------------+------------------------------------------+
| **Default value**  | 100000                                   |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------+
| **Allowed values** | Integer number between 1 and 2147483647. |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------+

> **registry**

Reviewer: The setting is called `registries`

**response_timeout**

> .. deprecated:: 4.4

Reviewer: Let's remove all the setting descriptions for the deprecated ones. That way the reference keeps cleaner. In addition, they can be read by selecting a previous version.
